Remove need for HIPAA specific log endpoints (#7980)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/security/logs.md

If you have any questions about how the Log Management Service satisfies the applicable requirements under HIPAA, please contact your account manager.

**Note:**

> HIPAA-enabled custommer used to require the use of specific endpoints to submit logs in order to enforce some specific encryptions. This is not needed anymore as that those encryptions are now enabled on all log submission endpoints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before version {edit suggestion to add version}, HIPAA-enabled customers were required to use specific endpoints to submit logs. These endpoints enforced HIPPA required encryptions.  For version {edit suggestion to add version} +, these HIPAA required encryptions are enabled on all log submission endpoints.

Reviewer 2: It is not a version change. More a date.

The reason we did not simply remove those endpoints from the page is because we don't want users to think those endpoints do not exist anymore and that their setup is incorrect and they need to change something.

Maybe we can find a better phrasing for this but the idea is to kind of get rid of those legacy endpoints.

> HIPAA-enabled custommer used to require the use of specific endpoints to submit logs in order to enforce some specific encryptions. This is not needed anymore as that those encryptions are now enabled on all log submission endpoints.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Previously, HIPAA-enabled customers needed to use specific endpoints to submit logs in order to enforce specific encryptions. This is no longer necessary. The encryptions are enabled on all log submission endpoints.
```

> Here are the historical endpoints which are now deprecated : 

Reviewer 2: Deprecated is not the right word here as we are still maintaining them. Maybe `legacy` would be better? @atspangler what do you think?

> Here are the historical endpoints which are now deprecated : 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These are the legacy endpoints that are not supported after version {edit suggestion to add version}:
```

> These are the legacy endpoints that are not supported after version {edit suggestion to add version}:

Reviewer 3: Version?

Reviewer 4: @NBParis Should we instead just phrase it as:

"These are legacy endpoints that may not be supported in the future."

Reviewer 2: Yeah or we can even not say anything as I don't think we have a plan to deprecate them at some point. This might happen but we would likely do a DNS routing rather than removing them.

Reviewer 4: ok - let's say "These legacy endpoints are still supported:"

> * tcp-encrypted-intake.logs.datadoghq.com
> * lambda-tcp-encrypted-intake.logs.datadoghq.com
> * gcp-encrypted-intake.logs.datadoghq.com
> * http-encrypted-intake.logs.datadoghq.com

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `tcp-encrypted-intake.logs.datadoghq.com`
* `lambda-tcp-encrypted-intake.logs.datadoghq.com`
* `gcp-encrypted-intake.logs.datadoghq.com`
* `http-encrypted-intake.logs.datadoghq.com`
```
